RDART-975: Update core to v14.2.0-12-g95c6efce8 (#1565)
realm/realm-dart: CHANGELOG.md

  ```
* Added `RealmValueType` enum that contains all the possible types that can be wrapped by a `RealmValue`. (PR [#1469](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart/pull/1469))
* Added support for accessing `Set` and `Map` types using the dynamic object API - `obj.dynamic.getSet/getMap`. (PR [#1533](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart/pull/1533))

> * Improve performance of object notifiers with complex schemas and very simple changes to process by as much as 20% ([PR #7424](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7424)).

Reviewer: I think for those we'd probably want to just have `Core v14.2.0` or similar, since it's not super easy to determine whether the PR link is going to be to the dart repo or the core one.

```suggestion
* Improve performance of object notifiers with complex schemas and very simple changes to process by as much as 20% (Core v14.2.0).
```

Author: I'm not a big fan of dropping information like this. I know we did in the past, and I'll update to match in this PR, but I think we should reconsider. 

These are links, easy to follow, if you want more info, and it is actually a bit less editing to leave them in.

* Improve performance with very large number of notifiers as much as 75% ([PR #7424](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7424)).

> * Add support to synchronize collections embedded in Mixed properties and other collections (except sets) ([PR #7353](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7353) Core v14.2.0-12-g95c6efce8).

Reviewer: We likely want to update to 14.3.0 before we release publicly, so these changelog entries should ideally refer to the tagged version of Core.

Author: I was thinking we could update then refs then. I'm a little hesitant to refer to 14.3 when it is not released yet, and 14.2 does not contain the fix.

Reviewer: Fair enough, we just need to remember to go through those and fix them.

> * Improve performance of change notifications on nested collections somewhat ([PR #7402](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7402) Core v14.2.0-12-g95c6efce8).

Reviewer: We haven't released nested collections, so there's no reason to list this improvement.

Author: Fixed

* Improve performance of aggregate operations on Dictionaries of objects, particularly when the dictionaries are empty ([PR #7418](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7418) Core v14.2.0-12-g95c6efce8)

### Fixed
* If you have more than 8388606 links pointing to one specific object, the program will crash. (Core 14.0.0)
* A Realm generated on a non-apple ARM 64 device and copied to another platform (and vice-versa) were non-portable due to a sorting order difference. This impacts strings or binaries that have their first difference at a non-ascii character. These items may not be found in a set, or in an indexed column if the strings had a long common prefix (> 200 characters). (Core 14.0.0)
* Ctor arguments appear in random order on generated classes, if the realm model contains many properties. (PR [#1531](https://github.com/realm/realm-dart/pull/1531))
* Fixed an issue where removing realm objects from a List with more than 1000 items could crash. ([#7414](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7414), Core 14.2.0)

> * Fixed conflict resolution bug which may result in an crash when the AddInteger instruction on Mixed properties is merged against updates to a non-integer type ([PR #7353](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7353), Core v14.2.0-12-g95c6efce8).

Reviewer: We don't have RealmInteger support in dart, so this is likely not relevant.

Author: Fixed
